=Bug Tracker Help=

<font size="3">
If you have found a bug, please report it using the bug tracker. 

  * Before you report a bug, browse through the [http://code.google.com/p/gambas/issues/list list of current bugs] and see if it has already been reported. 

  * If it has not, [http://code.google.com/p/gambas/issues/entry submit a new bug] and give a detailed description of the problem.
</font>

==Filling a bug report==

<font size="3">
  # Describe the problem.<br/>
  # Give information about your system. Use the 'System information' menu in the Gambas IDE, and paste the result there.<br/>
  # Indicate the Gambas version in the issue labels, and if it is a bug, a crash, or an enhancement request.<br/>
  # Provide a little project that reproduces the bug or the crash.<br/>
  # If your project needs a database, try to provide it, or part of it.<br/>
  # Explain clearly how to reproduce the bug or the crash.<br/>
  # And don't forget to give the following information (if they are relevant of course):

|| *Version* || The version of Gambas used (`3.X.Y`, `/trunk` for the Gambas 3 development version or `/branches/2.0` for the next Gambas 3 version). ||
|| *Revision* || The subversion repository revision if you are using a development version. ||
|| *Operating system* || The operating system used (Linux, FreeBSD...). ||
|| *Distribution* || The distribution used (Ubuntu, Fedora, !ArchLinux, Gentoo...) ||
|| *Architecture* || If you run Gambas on 32 bits, 64 bits, or on ARM. ||
|| *GUI component* || If you use QT3, QT4, GTK+ or the default gb.gui component. ||
|| *Desktop used* || If you run your program on Gnome, KDE, E17... ||
</font>

==Important notes==

<font size="3">
  * Don't create an issue if you have a compilation problem on the development version. Send a mail to the mailing-list instead.

  * If you encounter several different problems or bugs, (for example, a bug in your project, and an interpreter crash while debugging it), please create distinct issues!

  * Google automatically replaces references to Gambas development revision with links to its own source code repository, which Gambas does not use at all. So ignore these links with disdain.
</font>